Update note on ptrace (#31075)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/FAQ-dumps.md

> ---

Reviewer: This new file will need an entry in the table of contents.

Reviewer: Also, you might want to convert this to a YAML file to optimize the questions and answers for a search engine: https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/contribute-how-to-faq-guide?branch=main.

Reviewer: Finally, all Markdown files need to be named using lower-case characters only.

> title: Dumps - .NET FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dumps FAQ - .NET
```

> description: Frequently Asked Questions about dumps .NET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about dumps in .NET.
```

ms.date: 09/19/2022
---

> # Frequently Asked Questions Regarding Dumps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dumps: Frequently asked questions
```

> ## Collecting dumps on macOS and Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I collect dumps on macOS and Linux?
```

Collecting a dump requires that the processes in the system have access to call `ptrace` targeting parent processes. The following is a non-exhaustive list of settings that are needed for this to work properly:

> - On Linux-based systems, `/proc/sys/kernel` should have `ptrace_scope` set to `1` or `0`. Any value higher than this will require running as root or will block dump collection entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Linux-based systems, set `ptrace_scope` for `/proc/sys/kernel` to `1` or `0`. Any value higher than this requires running as root to prevent dump collection from being blocked.
```

> - For applications running under an Open Container Initiative technology, the `seccomp` profile must allow for calls to `ptrace`. For example, moby+containerd specifies a default [seccomp profile](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/profiles/seccomp/default.json) that allows `ptrace` only if the container host has a kernel version higher than 4.8 or if the `CAP_SYS_PTRACE` capability was specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For applications running under an Open Container Initiative technology, the `seccomp` profile must allow for calls to `ptrace`. For example, [containerd](https://github.com/moby/containerd) specifies a default [seccomp profile](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/profiles/seccomp/default.json) that allows `ptrace` only if the container host has a kernel version higher than 4.8 or if the `CAP_SYS_PTRACE` capability was specified.
```

Reviewer: Is the moby part needed? It just looked a little weird to me.

Reviewer 2: Moby builds on containerd. Moby passes a profile to containerd, so it's a compound tech. I can think of a better way of phrasing this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For applications running under an Open Container Initiative technology, the `seccomp` profile must allow for calls to `ptrace`. For example, `Docker` uses [containerd](https://github.com/moby/containerd) under the hood as a container runtime. When initializing the runtime, it specified specifies a default [seccomp profile](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/profiles/seccomp/default.json) that allows `ptrace` only if the container host has a kernel version higher than 4.8 or if the `CAP_SYS_PTRACE` capability was specified.
```

Reviewer 2: @gewarren does this look ok without needing to go too much into detail in extraneous techologies?

Reviewer: Looks great thanks - I'm just going to make one little edit to remove a duplicated word.

> - on macOS, the use of `ptrace` requires the host of the target process to be properly entitled. See [Default Entitlements](../install/macos-notarization-issues#default-entitlements) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- on macOS, the use of `ptrace` requires the host of the target process to be properly entitled. See [Default Entitlements](../install/macos-notarization-issues.md#default-entitlements) for more information.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On macOS, the use of `ptrace` requires the host of the target process to be properly entitled. See [Default Entitlements](../install/macos-notarization-issues.md#default-entitlements) for more information.
```

> ## See also

Reviewer 2: Not sure if see also makes sense in a FAQ, but don't feel strongly about it either

> Learn more about how you can leverage dumps to help diagnosing problems in your .NET application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about how you can leverage dumps to help diagnose problems in your .NET application.
```
